General Task Notes: 
Jaime will be pushing his changes to the nback task (corrected fixation display)
Visual Search, Spatial Cueing, Change Detection, and (maybe) Span Tasks need to be coded, brand new tasks

Task-Specific Notes: 
Stroop Task
1. Changed way of generated stimuli. Now looping through arrays of colors and words and creating jspsych objects. Did this instead so that we don't have to copy and paste the same jspsych object.
2. Caught error that was showing undefined stimuli. Changed so that word stimuli now appears.
3. Found out the time threshold for instructions check is 0 right now, 1s is also too fast. Consider changing.

AX-CPT
1. Caught error showing incorrect feedback after practice trials. Changed so that now shows correct feedback for correct/incorrect/null response.
2. Found out the time threshold for instructions check is 0 right now, 1s is also too fast. Consider changing.
3. The final trial in practice trial in ax_cpt_rdoc experiment says "Trial over, get ready for the next one" when there is no trial after. I changed this by reading in index of the trials and changing stimuli dynamically when last trial input value is a particular value. Add same functionality to test trials?
4. For this task, why can't I just span a response if first letter is not A?
5. No fixation for this task for each letter presented?

Change-Detection 
1. 0 -> 1s instructTimeThresh
2. No stimuli

Flanker
1. 0 -> 1s instructTimeThresh
2. Accuracy was not logging correctly, was not getting correct trial_id, so feedback was never logged or presented after practice trials. This means that they would always do multiple rounds of practice until all rounds are up until practiceCount == practice_thresh
3. Accuracy is always 0, correct responses are not being logged properly - changed this
4. Always flashes instruct on every trial -- I removed this

Go-NoGo
1. I think personally practice trials should have to include outlined square too, to show both conditions (filled and outlined)
2. Go-NoGo condition does not exist on every trial, which causes error, exiting the experiment. This is fixed.

Cued Task Switching
1. Format of text was weird in instructions, changed to align better
2. Finger to task response pairing - should odd be index finger and even be middle? Left to right is different than high-low response

Stop-Signal
1. Instruct for keypress wasn't bolded
2. crashes with reading correct_response -- corrected by adding .trials[i]

Spatial Pairing Task
1. Directions again, higher or lower, index or middle, but odd or even, middle or index. Switch order? to make consistent with order finger is mentioned.
2. Error, crashed bc of data[i].rt -> changed to data.trials[i].rt
3. ^ Same issue with reading correct_response
*: otherwise seems to be working and logging data.

Visual Search
1. No stimuli -> added stimuli with three conditions, pop_out, size, conjunction, based on paper I saw online
2. Sum instruct const not muttable
3. -your task -> -- your task, change wording in instruct
4. created plugin for html visual search

Span 
1. Showing correct/incorrect feedback after letter in trials without mathematical expressions where no responses are given. 